welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna submerge ourselves into the
deep ocean world of underwater released
in 2020 if you've ever been curious what
it would be like to go insane from
staring into the face of the Elder Gods
consider subscribing to the channel
let's get to it we open on a slick
credit sequence that provides us
snippets of background info we need in
order to set the scene
marianna trench deepest drilling into
the darkest crevices of the earth
strange sightings side effects dammit
you're losing me then we find ourselves
in kepler station where nora brushes her
teeth and thought narrates some
existential cosmic horror right up to
the point where the station turns into a
disaster movie set piece instead yay
Nora's almost immediately forced to make
a difficult decision but she gets the
job done and when she and Roderigo
collect themselves they find
communications wanting and go off in the
search of a status update in the laptop
room they're able to confirm the station
is about 70% compromised and there's an
evac room that's still functioning on
the way there they find Paul resting in
a rock coffin and in saving him
guarantee that they'll have some levity
along their journey oh this is gonna be
funny after wriggling through a tight
space and navigating around the corpses
of their friends they find the few
remaining survivors including the
captain who confirms the escape pods are
gone as is the submersible and with the
thermal core approaching critical mass
their time on the Keppler is limited his
recommendation is to fall back to the
drill itself until help comes
as a bonus treat they had the last
recording from the drill station before
disaster struck
[Applause]
hey that sounds encouraging in the
staging room they find as much good
equipment as they can't strip down and
suit up and what I imagine to represent
the cosplayers wet dream and then just
to make sure we know this [ __ ] is
serious Rodrigo suffers an extreme
pressurization due to a faulty helmet
then one quick leap of faith into the
darkness and they're taking an elevator
to the bottom they make a quick stop
along the way to check a possible
distress signal and a way team proceeds
into the murky darkness finding a pod
that appears to have imploded and be
covered in some sort of view there's
also a body president which seems to now
contain its own deep water ecosystem
they poked and prodded a bit and
returned with this beautiful specimen of
nature the examination is cut short when
they lose power so they pop this bad boy
neutral to flow gracefully to the bottom
except they move in and strange noises
surround them before they can figure out
what that is the final exultation 's of
the kepler station shoot them to the
bottom forcing them to then run across
the ocean floor while dodging detritus
at the weigh station they proceed along
another tube eventually reaching high
water here are Nora offers to scout
ahead
and Emily's like excuse me
which is fair so they make their way
through except as Paul surfaces
something snags his cable and starts
tugging on him before he can get it
released it pins him against the
wreckage and eventually pulls him out of
his suit which is a messy affair and
condemns this unfunny movie to be a
little less funny still when they reach
the outpost they're surprised to see the
6 thousand ton drill mangled Emily
posits that they dug too far
taking indiscriminately and without
consent and Mother Nature is pushing
back and protecting the gentle ecosystem
with Lovecraftian monsters of course in
their next floor walk they run across a
specter like creature that likes to grab
folks and drag him around a bit Smith is
the first to go for a ride when Nora and
the captain tethered themselves and
tried to recover him there then taking
on a tandem trip as well stopping
momentarily when Nora snagged some
wreckage there the specter gets curious
about his new trinkets ultimately
deciding to take a little taste as any
of us would and causing the captain to
get stabby when this happens it Rockets
upward at a dangerous rate the captain
cuts himself loose and implodes as Nora
floats gently back to the ocean floor
she finds herself nearby the now-defunct
Sheppard drill station inside there are
no escape pods but there is oxygen and
supplies so she stalks up and heads back
to the ocean floor eventually
hearing voices and following the signal
to her comrades the ladies partner up
and drag Smith the unconscious love of
Emily's life toward the drill when they
arrived they noticed the walkway seems
to be an awfully lot more by tentacled
than specifications allow for so they
attempt to proceed carefully but the
party atmosphere causes Emily's suit to
engage its rave protocol Norah lays down
a distraction while Emily makes for
shelter holding off the monsters by
allowing herself to be fully
deep-throated before flare gunning her
way out from the inside like a clever
girl she then discovers that these
little boogers are actually the foot
fungus of a much much larger entity
which is briefly silhouetted by her
flare they make it inside and find a pod
room which always only has enough pods
for the exact number of people present
which is unfortunate since there are
only two-thirds functional since Smith
has been sleeping through the movie they
get rid of him first
Norah then compels Emily to take the
second pod since she's more valuable due
to her romantic entanglement with Smith
the loveless solitary Norah then takes
back her power dying in the manner of
her choosing and ensuring safe passage
for the pods by riding this nuclear
catastrophe straight up the eldritch
gods butthole indirectly to help
underwater was hailed as a love Leonard
loved crap but was it though it was not
a bad movie per se but it was fairly
standard and it's not totally clear to
me what differentiates this film from
any other film like it if you enjoy the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]